#### GDP Data extraction and processing

## Overview:

In this project, you will extract data from a website using webscraping and reqeust APIs process it using Pandas and Numpy libraries.

## Project Scenario:

An international firm that is looking to expand its business in different countries across the world has recruited you.
You have been hired as a junior Data Engineer and are tasked with creating a script that can extract the list of the top 10 largest economies of the world in descending order of their GDPs in Billion USD (rounded to 2 decimal places), as logged by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

The required data seems to be available on the URL mentioned below:

URL: https://web.archive.org/web/20230902185326/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28nominal%29

## Objectives

After completing this lab you will be able to:

- Use Webscraping to extract required information from a website.
- Use Pandas to load and process the tabular data as a dataframe.
- Use Numpy to manipulate the information contatined in the dataframe.
- Load the updated dataframe to CSV file.

### Setup

We will be using the following libraries:

- pandas for managing the data.
- numpy for mathematical operations.

### Importing Required Libraries

We recommend you import all required libraries in one place (here):

```bash
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd

# You can also use this section to suppress warnings generated by your code:
def warn(*args, **kwargs):
    pass
import warnings
warnings.warn = warn
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
​
# You can also use this section to suppress warnings generated by your code:
def warn(*args, **kwargs):
    pass
import warnings
warnings.warn = warn
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
```

### Exercises

#### Exercise 1

Extract the required GDP data from the given URL using Web Scraping.
URL="https://web.archive.org/web/20230902185326/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28nominal%29"

- Extract tables from webpage using Pandas. Retain table number 3 as the required dataframe.

- Replace the column headers with column numbers
  df.columns = range(df.shape[1])

- Retain columns with index 0 and 2 (name of country and value of GDP quoted by IMF)

- Retain the Rows with index 1 to 10, indicating the top 10 economies of the world.

- Assign column names as "Country" and "GDP (Million USD)"

#### Exercise 2

Modify the GDP column of the DataFrame, converting the value available in Million USD to Billion USD.
Use the round() method of Numpy library to round the value to 2 decimal places.
Modify the header of the DataFrame to GDP (Billion USD).

- Change the data type of the 'GDP (Million USD)' column to integer. Use astype() method.

- Convert the GDP value in Million USD to Billion USD

- Use numpy.round() method to round the value to 2 decimal places.

- Rename the column header from 'GDP (Million USD)' to 'GDP (Billion USD)'

#### Exercise 3

Load the DataFrame to the CSV file named "Largest_economies.csv"

- Load the DataFrame to the CSV file named "Largest_economies.csv"
